# Homework3
This was by far the most complicated homework we have done. To be transparent I had A LOT of help from Google, YouTube videos, classmates and my tutor Chad. After all the help and researching I did, I was able to get a grasp of how to make ths work through JS and was able to break it down. There were a few codes that I left untouch in the JS file as it was already there to begin with. I started off with creating arrays for the special, uppercase, lowercase, and number characters that were a requirment for the password. I also created an empty array called finalArr for the all the arrays with the characters to be nested in that the user chose to include for their password. A variable called finalPwd was created as well in order to input what the actual password would come out as. I then established the randomizer in which how the password would be randomly generated below with Math.random * length nested inside a Math.floor.  I established a prompt for the user to input the amount of characters they would like their password to be which must be between 8 and 128 and also used parseInt (I learned from Chad) to change have prompt be read as an Integer to be used later for the for loop. I applied an if statement if the password was too short or too long,  that would not allow the user to proceed with making a password. If the user inputted a number between 8 and 128, I created a function nesting multiple if statements within it that would confirm if that gives the user options to add lowercase, uppercase, numbers and special characters to their password. Below each if statement nested inside that function, I added the variable finalArr followed by .concat(array) in order to allow the finalArr to have the user have the option to add the characters they chose into their final password. .concat, which I learned from Chad was used to allow the elements within the array to be nested within the empty array I established in the beginning of the JS file called finalArr. These arrays will then be nested within the finalArr array. Right under the promptFunc function, I placed promptFunc() to run the code and placed a for a loop below this. The for loop was used to allow the actual length of characters that were inputted to be generated. Starting off at 0, I placed i to be less than the character length inputted to ensure that the right amount was inputted and looped continuously by 1 until the inputted number by the user is met. I made sure the loop was met to be less than the actual input of the user, say it to be 10. I understand it must stay under the inputted number within the loop as the length begins at 0, in which when the loop hits 9, it would be equivalent to the input "10" that user chose. The for loops function was written in the curly brackets to provide the variable finalPwd adding the randomCharacter (which was the randomizer function) and placed the finalArr within the parentheses as the arguement, which randomizes all of the arrays nested within finalArr. Right under the for loop, I placed a return for the finalPwd, which would nest the final random password that the code made to the user.
